hi I'm Pete de Fazio with f-body
warehouse and today what we're going to
show you is how to remove and replace
the window felt glass runs and that is
this right here note there's three
styles of units used in the early 1970s
there was a flat chrome bead which was
very flat that's a very popular one on
the reproductions however towards 78
knob it went to a rounded chrome bead
which is now available reproduction and
then on cars that had the exterior
deluxe molding package which would have
moldings on your fender tips and also on
your chrome hood rip you'll have a
separate unit which is actually held in
place by a series of studs across the
top of the door in that case you would
order your window sweeps non chrome bead
for our example today we're working on
the 1979 x anniversary and this car here
has a thin chrome bead sweeps now the
reason you replace this is because after
years they really they began to fall
apart and this car is about to go in for
a paint job and instead of having them
you know try to tape that out on garbage
we're just going to remove them when we
get the car back from paint we're going
to replace them the first thing you'll
want to do is to go ahead and remove
your door panel from the car once you've
got the door panel off the car you're
going to draw the window down as far as
you can go but you're still not going to
be able to reach all of these screws
there's a series of Phillips head screws
that go across the top here and that's
what secures the glass run onto the car
it's very easy to do though right here
in the dead center of the door frame is
what is called the window down stop
seven sixteenths quarter inch drive and
simply loosen airport now a lot of times
these will need replacement pads and
this is a great time to do it and the
met will come drop down at the bottom of
the doorframe
once you've got that down as far as
it'll go the the down stop out of the
way then turn your key on out of power
window care and you'll drop your window
even further down and a car that is not
power windows you just use your window
crank and you draw down carpet as you
see you can see all of your Phillips
head screws that secure the glass run
onto the doorframe and it's very common
on these cars remember to break the bolt
that would screw loose by tightening
just a smidgen about a sixteenth of a
turn and then go to unscrew what that
will do is prevent you from stripping
out the Phillips head on the screw and
allow you to be able to remove it now
these glass ones when you buy a new
they're going to come at least the thin
bead sweep is one come with replacement
through so if you want to have to worry
about saving these if you don't wish to
once you've removed all of the screws
across the top of the glass run on the
inside of the car the glass run itself
is just going to literally lift up and
off the car something to know on the
reproductions the higher grade
reproductions with a thin chrome bead
sweep what you're going to see is
there's a secondary strip right there
that runs across the top ledge of the
door on the FET chrome bead strips it
doesn't have that and you're putting
metal on metal so that's just something
kind of interesting to note we'll go
ahead now and we'll pull it on the other
you